# CS-305-Portfolio

- The client that I worked with was a consulting company design to develop individualized finacial plans. Whether it was for retirement, savings, investments or insurance, that is the type of service they provided. TThe issue thatt they wantted me to solve was to look for any type of vunerabilites in there software so that there employees and clients information wouldn't leak.
- What I believe I did particularly well was identifying the soruce of the vulnerabilites as well as trying to figure out a solution to fix it. The reason why it is important to code securly because hackers could exploit your code and inject there own.
- What I found helpful throughout doing the vulnerability assessment was how tthe programming leading up to finding the vulnerability was.
- When I first was looking for vulnerabilities in there system, I relazied a pattern. Through said pattern I wanted to created a solution that helped mitagatte the amount of vulnerabilites there were. In the future I would incorporate better how did I reach this conclusion as well as making sure that all the previous vulnerabilities have been dealt with.
- I complied my code tto make sure that it was functioning correctly once I made changes to it. I also wanted to make sure that newer vulnerabilites weren't added after I refactored it. So I had made a checker if any new bugs popped up.
- Some coding practices that I emnployed that helped me with this project was utlizing the complier, employing code practices such as crud and making sure that my code was readable.
- I would showcase my ability to write a new language that I don't have any experience yet and use it tt show security within coding. How I created a function that helped check for vulnerabilites as well as showing newer strategies of implementing vulnerability checks for new ones in code.
